docs: Add file path of sample log to online demo link. (#113)
y-scope/yscope-log-viewer: README.md

The viewer can be used to navigate the log file, filter by log level, view the
logs with syntax highlighting, and generate direct links to specific log events.

> See our [online demo](#online-demo) to try out the log viewer on sample logs.
> To set up a local server, follow the [build guide](docs/dev-guide/building.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [online demo](#online-demo) section to try out the log viewer on a
sample log file. To set up a local server, follow the
[build guide](docs/dev-guide/building.md).
```

[hive-24hrs]: https://zenodo.org/record/7094921#.Y5JbH33MKHs
[log4j1-appenders]: https://github.com/y-scope/log4j1-appenders
[logback-appenders]: https://github.com/y-scope/logback-appenders

> [online-demo]: https://yscope.com/log-viewer?filePath=https://yscope.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/sample-logs/yarn-ubuntu-resourcemanager-ip-172-31-17-135.log.1.clp.zst

Reviewer: Should come after `monaco-editor` to be alphabetical, right?
